== Changes

== 2.2.0
* Add Mixpanel::ErrorHandler to simplify custom error handling.
* Modify Mixpanel::People#fix_property_dates to handle ActiveSupport::TimeWithZone.
* Increase open and ssl timeouts from 2s to 10s.
* Fix Doc inconsistancy: always pass token on Mixpanel::tracker.new.

== 2.1.0
* Add Mixpanel::Tracker#generate_tracking_url, which generates {pixel tracking urls}[https://mixpanel.com/docs/api-documentation/pixel-based-event-tracking].
* Rescue JSONErrors in the consumer and raise Mixpanel::ServerError in Mixpanel::Consumer#send!.
* Make it clear how to import events with custom timestamp.
* Update dependancies in gemspec

== 2.0.1
* Add Deprecated version of Mixpanel::BufferedConsumer#send

== 2.0.0
* Raise mixpanel server and connection errors in Mixpanel::Consumer.
* All public methods in Mixpanel::Event, Mixpanel::People, and subsequently Mixpanel::Tracker
  rescue Mixpanel errors and return false in the case of an error, return true otherwise
* Deprecate Mixpanel::Consumer#send, replace with Mixpanel::Consumer#send!
* Require ruby version minimum of 2.0.0

== 1.4.0
* Allow unset to unset multiple properties

== 1.3.0
* Added Consumer#request method, demo with Faraday integration

== 1.2.0
* All objects with a "strftime" method will be formatted as dates in
  people updates.

== 1.1.0
* The default consumer now sends requests (and expects responses) in
  verbose, JSON mode, which may improve error reporting.

=== 1.0.2
* Allow ip and optional_params arguments to be accepted by all
  Mixpanel::People methods (except #destroy_user)

=== 1.0.1
* Compatibility with earlier versions of ruby. Library development will continue
  to target 1.9, so later versions may not be compatible with Ruby 1.8, but we
  love patches!

=== 1.0.0
* tracker#import added
* Change to internal tracking message format. Messages written
  by earlier versions of the library will not work with 1.0.0 consumer classes.
* alias bugfixed
* Fixes to tests to allow for different timezones
* Support for optional/experimental people api properties in people calls
