= mixpanel-ruby: The official Mixpanel Ruby library

mixpanel-ruby is a library for tracking events and sending \Mixpanel profile
updates to \Mixpanel from your ruby applications.

== Installation

    gem install mixpanel-ruby

== Getting Started

    require 'mixpanel-ruby'

    tracker = Mixpanel::Tracker.new(YOUR_TOKEN)

    # Track an event on behalf of user "User1"
    tracker.track('User1', 'A Mixpanel Event')

    # Send an update to User1's profile
    tracker.people.set('User1', {
        '$first_name' => 'David',
        '$last_name' => 'Bowie',
        'Best Album' => 'The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars'
    })

The primary class you will use to track events is Mixpanel::Tracker. An instance of
Mixpanel::Tracker is enough to send events directly to \Mixpanel, and get you integrated
right away.

== Additional Information

For more information please visit:

* Our Ruby API Integration page[https://mixpanel.com/help/reference/ruby#introduction]
* The usage demo[https://github.com/mixpanel/mixpanel-ruby/tree/master/demo]
* The documentation[http://mixpanel.github.io/mixpanel-ruby/]

The official Mixpanel gem is built with simplicity and broad applicability in
mind, but there are also third party Ruby libraries that can work with the library
to provide useful features in common situations. One in particular is
MetaEvents[https://github.com/swiftype/meta_events], a third party gem 
which provides support for client-side tracking in Rails applications,
super-properties-like persistent properties, and a DSL for defining your events.

== Changes

== 1.3.0
* Added Consumer#request method, demo with Faraday integration

== 1.2.0
* All objects with a "strftime" method will be formatted as dates in
  people updates.

== 1.1.0
* The default consumer now sends requests (and expects responses) in
  verbose, JSON mode, which may improve error reporting.

=== 1.0.2
* Allow ip and optional_params arguments to be accepted by all
  Mixpanel::People methods (except #destroy_user)

=== 1.0.1
* Compatibility with earlier versions of ruby. Library development will continue
  to target 1.9, so later versions may not be compatible with Ruby 1.8, but we
  love patches!

=== 1.0.0
* tracker#import added
* Change to internal tracking message format. Messages written
  by earlier versions of the library will not work with 1.0.0 consumer classes.
* alias bugfixed
* Fixes to tests to allow for different timezones
* Support for optional/experimental people api properties in people calls
